Exclusive to the Minecraft levels are some dangerous hazards one should be aware
of before galavanting about with reckless abandon.

* Fire
Nasty piece of work that thankfully doesn't move, but you can wind up stumbling
into it. Can possibly ignite other blocks around it, depending on circumstances.

The different types are as follows:

- Normal (Orange)
	Deals regular Fire damagetype. Entities are dealt 10 damage/second. Many
	nether mobs are immune to this. Can spread with lava embers.
	
- Soul (Cyan)
	Deals SoulFire damagetype. Fewer monsters are immune to this, dealing much
	more damage and burning twice as fast, often making it near fatal to touch.
	Only generates on Soul blocks and doesn't spread. Likewise, Soul Lava is
	even more dangerous, capable of spawning soul flame on its surface briefly.
	Soul Embers spawn flames more often.
	
	Fire Resistance 2 is needed to stop any damage.
	
- Void (Magenta)
	Deals Ice damage. This is the least damaging of the flames, but the longer
	the player is "on fire", the slower they become until they're at a sluggish
	20% speed, making them an easy target for some mobs. If subjected too long,
	players can be outright frozen until the flames expire. Extinguishing these
	flames will cause a burst of flaming ice to explode in the air around it,
	igniting and freezing nearby entities and trickle damaging them. The closer,
	the entity is, the longer it lasts.
	
	Interestingly, fire resistance works to prevent damage and the effect. Any
	potency level will do.
	
- Hellfire (Black & Purple)
	Some say the abyssal flames dubbed 'Hellfire' are a source of pure darkness.
	Antimatter. Others speculate that it's a flame whose intensity of heat, while
	surprisingly contained, is hotter than the sun itself, equating to vaporizing
	plasma. Either thesis would perfectly explain why it's fatal to touching even
	a single flamelet, vaporizing the victim in a nanosecond to dust particles.
	
	Furthermore, one cannot extinguish these flames manually without self 
	destructing. Only by shooting it with a powerful enough of an explosion can
	it be extinguished, but the fire itself can explode and destroy anything else
	within a block's radius.
	
	Only Fire Resistance 3 is capable of reducing its damage, but even then,
	damage is only reduced dramatically - yet it's still enough to kill them.
	
	The legendary and exceedingly rare potency of 4 is the only one capable of
	completely resisting it.
	
	Only the Final Boss is immune to this flame.