--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*** Options ***

In the option menu is a specific submenu for this mod. The following are 
described as such:

Peaceful Mode
	Defaults to Off. If enabled, monsters can despawn based on Peaceful Behavior.

Difficulty
	Set your monster difficulty here. Defaults to Normal.
		
	* Easy: 
		Monsters deal less damage and don't spawn with protective gear.

	* Normal: 
		Monsters deal regular damage. Baby variants can spawn a bit more 
		frequently. Zombies and others may have a sword if they don't spawn with
		a weapon by default, which increases their damage. Small chance to be
		wearing armor which further reduces incoming damage.
		
	* Hard:
		Monsters deal more damage. Some mobs can inflict debuffs, and some can
		spawn wearing full sets of armor.
		
Peaceful Behavior

	Adjusts what happens to live monsters when in peaceful mode. Default is 
	Minecraft.
	
	* Force Despawn
		All active monsters will be forcefully despawned, regardless of 
		circumstances that normally would prevent them from despawning (such as
		bosses or named monsters). Any holding a Doom weapon will drop the item.
		Includes passive mobs.
		
	* Minecraft
		Monsters without special rules and are hostile mobs in nature will 
		despawn. This behaves just like Minecraft's rules.
	
	* No Spawning
		Hostile mobs become passive and any attacking the player currently will
		stop pursuing. Monsters will not continue spawning, but are allowed to
		exist until regular despawn rules remove them from the game.
		
	* Allow Spawning
		Monsters spawn docile, following the rules of the current difficulty.
		I.e. Hard allows mobs to spawn with armor, etc.
		
- Spawner Tweaks -

	The minutes, seconds and random seconds adjust how often waves of monsters 
	should spawn up to the maximum limit. Random seconds adds anywhere from the
	range of seconds + 0 to seconds + random seconds. 
	

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Monster Tweaks *

This sub-menu has an assortment tweakable settings for monsters in general, in
addition to specific monster tweaks (see below)

Monster Spawns
	This option determines whether monsters can spawn naturally in the world.
	Does not affect, nor is affected by: 
	- Peaceful mode
	- Events (monsters summoning more monsters, etc)
	
Monster Count
	The maximum number of monsters that attempt to have spawned at any given time.
	
Monster Multiplier
	A multiplier for Monster Count for quick scaling. Increase at your own risk...
	
Health Multiplier
	Adjusts how much health monsters spawn with as a multiplier.
	
Short Gib Lives
	Monster gibs (or broken pieces of their bodies when killed) linger for ~10
	seconds. Upon hitting the ground, they will wait that duration before fading
	away. Enabling this makes them start fading the moment they stop moving instead.
	
Monsters Drop Items
	Many monsters have drops to balance out the added difficulty this mod brings,
	as it directly compounds with infinite enemies.
	
	Zombies 
		Health and/or Armor bonuses
	
	Skeletons 
		Ammo
	
	Creepers 
		Weapons (Rarely) (No pistol/chainsaw)
		
	NOTE: The player must deal at least 1 point of damage to them, or they won't
	drop anything at all. This is to prevent exploiting/farming in damaging sectors
	in addition to spawning lots of items and potentially slowing the game down.
	
Environment Damage
	Toggles whether monsters can take environment damage. This includes sector,
	falling and drowning damage. Note: Some monsters are naturally immune to these
	to reflect the respective behavior in Minecraft, such as Zombie Pigmen being
	immune to fire and lava.
	
	Fall Damage
		Enemies can take fall damage if this is enabled. This isn't the same as
		GZDoom's internal fall damage.
		
	Toxic/Lava Damage
		Enemies standing in damaging sectors will take damage from the floors
		
	Drowning
		Enemies submerged for too long underwater will start drowning.
		

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Specific Monsters *

Here, individual monster settings can be changed that only affect those monsters.

- Creeper -

	Explosions explode creepers
		Upon dying to splash damage of any kind, creepers will explode. Note
		that projectile damage itself will not cause creepers to explode, ONLY
		splash damage!
		
		The	exception is other creeper explosions. That specific behavior is 
		handled	by...
		
	Creeper chain reaction
		- Off 
			Creepers won't explode from other creeper explosions
		- Hissing Only
			Only creepers that are currently preparing to explode will explode.
		- On
			All creepers killed by creeper explosions will also explode.

