/*

	Herobrine
	The Final Boss
	
Little is known about the identity of the one behind the undead, if there even is.
But rumor has it that long ago, from the first nether portal, a mastermind behind
even the Wither had brought upon near ruination on Overworld. The location of the
portal is unknown to this day, but maybe there is something within the many 
archives of the Villager libraries.

Whispers of a man with the power of Creativity exist, a man of unrelenting hate
towards Overworldians. Was he once worshiped as a deity, now out for revenge? Or
was this man secretly full of madness to begin with? Ruined temples suggest the
former, yet the destruction wrought to them and the decayed remains of uncountable
living suggest the latter.

What is true, is the fact that the arch mages banished some powerful being from
Overworld after releasing a deadly blight that caused the dead to rise, along
with hordes of evil undead to swarm through the first & largest nether portal 
ever made. Only the turning of the zombified piglins allowed for the invasion to 
fail after grievously wounding the Wither and forcing it to retreat. But they 
couldn't go back home, as the portal was soon deactivated after. They gave their
unlives to the arch mages willingly as sacrifices to perform a powerful magical 
rite that would severely cripple the darkness infestation on the world, drastically
hindering its ability to mutate monsters. The current day monsters are but 
play things compared to Hell's own brand. To this day, they still seek to remove
the darkness somehow, but have yet to find an answer. Furthermore, Herobrine's
presence had damaged reality boundaries, opening up the Ender realm for exploration.

If the banished was indeed Herobrine, many question why he doesn't just return on
a whim and renew his assault? Some say it's because he's chaotic, allied to no one
and enjoys conflict. Whatever the case, all can agree that if such a monster exists,
he must be stopped at all costs, or the world will never know peace - other than
via extermination.

-----
Finding Herobrine
-----
To reach Herobrine's portal, first prove your strength by presenting the essence
of the most powerful entities to the mayor of a village. They will take you via
elevator down to the bedrock layer and reveal the first nether portal. You will
meet with an arch mage who will activate it, but leading to a different region of
Hell. Here, many trials await with hordes of undead to battle through, as 
Herobrine wanders around the arenas, watching you battle your way to the center.
There, he awaits for you to prepare, and then to press the lever when ready...

-----
The Fight
-----

Carrying an indestructible diamond axe in his right hand, Herobrine is a BOSS. 
Creative power ensures he is invulnerable at all times, along with the ability 
to move through obstacles if he so desires.

He summons many clones of himself to combat you, along with zombies and undead. 
But not a single clone will have only one axe in their right hand and no armor.
Furthermore, they cannot change their equipment while Herobrine can exchange it
for other inventory items to use against you.

Generally, he will prefer his minions do the work for him, but will spice up the
challenge by dropping hazards like lava or rain down flaming meteors. Prepare for
unusual levels of chaos.

	
	
*/

Class MCHerobrine : MCBoss
{
	Default
	{
		Tag "Herobrine";
		Obituary "%o became an anomalous ghost by Herobrine's Creative power.";
	}
}